We down-sample lidar data because sending out the entire point cloud
over an internal vehicle network, that's a lot of data.
So what we do is actually we convert the point cloud into stixels.
Like what we do with the stereo cameras,
stixels' basically like a matchstick.
So if you have the back of a vehicle,
then the stixels would be putting a bunch of
matchsticks to hover the trunk or cover the vehicle,
and this gives you two things.
Number 1, the number of matchsticks.
Each one is, let's say,
four inches wide gives you the width of the vehicle,
and the height of the matchsticks gives you the height of the vehicle,
but you do not need anything in between.
You just need the height and the width,
and this makes everything that reduces the data a lot,
and makes things actually easier to work with.